You are so young, but your words are still so harsh and mean.
Boss Li was a Jinjin reporter who couldn't even earn two thousand yuan.
Why do you have money to buy other items now?
Two thousand yuan is no longer my Xu Han money.
What's the matter? Are you still polite when you owe me money?
Four million three hundred thousand. How is the environment?
The environment is very good. The area is separated from the conventional residential trends.
Other areas have been renovated now.
You can check in directly on a temporary basis.
She is a broke person
It’s a good break
You are still the same as before
I wish I could really afford this villa
You are deliberately looking for trouble
I think she is here to guide Chunxian.
What's the point of showing off if you don't have money?
It's really a dog's eyes that look at people. Leave.
It's just a waste of our event, okay?
You have no words